so they have beaten you your quest is
over
what if it's only beginning some of the
most fearsome rulers through history
have possessed only a fragment of the
Chintamani stone what would a man become
if he possessed the stone itself where
did you find this guy his heritage paid
top dollar for Marco Polo's journals
he's been after the Chintamani stone for
years you're competing with a
psychopathic war criminal for a
mythological gemstone I sensing some
history here Elena Fisher last year's
model you're gonna snap that right over
don't ever see it coming yeah well
paybacks a bitch so what's your angle on
all this misery
we got a soul kill my friend where did
you find this you might tell me what the
hell is going on I miss the look on your
face I know where the stone is pray that
he is not bluffing it's time to tip the
odds
back
sweep the city find him and pick him up
sure hope you know what you're doing I
don't have the faintest idea